MAJOR : Improve the docs (#11)
UnvLabs/site: docs/tutorial/comments.md

sidebar_position: 2
---
# Comments
---

> Comments are used to explain code or to tell the compiler or runtime to ignore these lines.Thses lines are esentially invisible to the compiler or runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Comments are used to explain code or to tell the compiler or runtime to ignore these lines. These lines are essentially ignored by the compiler or runtime.
```
they are always visible for compiler. compiler removes them or changes them to another syntax of comments.

## Creating a Comment

Comments starts with a #, and Unv will ignore them:

**Example**
```py {1}

> #This is a comment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#This is a comment
print("Hello, World!")
```
Added for clarity. Should we remove it?

Author: I don't think so , the hello world shows that that will be executed but nothing else will be.

Reviewer: OK
